---

layout: default
title: Jobs
permalink: /jobs/
twitter:card: summary
twitter:description: Associate Professor of Radiology, MGH / HMS
twitter:image: "https://scholar.harvard.edu/files/lillazollei/files/lillazollei.cr_.sm2_.jpg?m=1559666976"
twitter:title: Lilla Zöllei, PhD

---


## Machine learning in perinatal brain image analysis

**Postdoctoral Research Fellow Position**

Computational Neuroimaging at the A.A. Martinos Center, MGH, and Harvard
Medical School

Two postdoctoral fellows are recruited for two NIH R01-funded projects.

One aims to study the <u>brainstem arousal network in human
consciousness</u>, comparing healthy development vs SIDS. In this
project, we utilize high-resolution ex vivo MRI combined with optical
coherence tomography along with 5-HT immunocytochemistry in postmortem
infant brains. Code development will focus on developing, validating,
and distributing image processing and atlas building pipelines utilizing
high-resolution postmortem MRI, OCT, and histological images.

The other project aims to develop tools to construct <u>longitudinal atlases
for the study of healthy postnatal brain development</u> and to model
its changes in cohorts of infants born under adverse conditions. Code
development will focus on developing, validating, and distributing image
processing and atlas building pipelines utilizing various large-scale
publicly available datasets using both structural and diffusion-weighted
MRI.

The tools resulting from these projects will be made publicly available
to the research community by integrating them into our laboratory’s
popular FreeSurfer software package (57,541 licenses downloaded as of
April 2022).

The successful applicants should have a doctoral degree in a field
related to medical imaging (e.g., computer science, electrical
engineering, biomedical engineering, applied mathematics, computational
neuroscience). She/he is expected to have a strong research background
in method development and brain image analysis and should be able to
work independently. Strong programming skills (for example, C/C++,
MATLAB, and/or Python, PyTorch, Tensorflow) are a must and prior
experience with brain image-analysis packages (such as SPM, FSL,
FreeSurfer, AFNI) is desirable. In addition, the candidate must also
possess excellent English verbal and written communication skills and an
established publication track record.

These positions will be hosted by the Laboratories of Computational
Neuroimaging, MGH and they offer great opportunities to collaborate with
a large group of scientists from diverse research disciplines.
Collaborating groups include, for example, BCH Pathology, MGH Neurology
and Radiology as well as physicists, anatomists, and imaging scientists
from MGH.

The duration of the contract is two years, with a possibility of further
extension. The position is full-time with benefits and is available
immediately. Salary will be based on qualifications and experience. For
consideration, please send a statement of interest (max 1 page), a CV
(max 4 pages), and a list of three potential references via email to
Lilla Zöllei, PhD (lzollei \[at\] mgh.harvard.edu). The search will
continue until the positions are filled.

The Massachusetts General Hospital is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative
Action Employer.

 



